Downloaded from
YTS.MX
This programme contains very
strong language.
some which may offend
and flashing images
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
One. take one up on the board.
All right. cool. I'm good to go.
I would always like to think that
I'm someone who. when people come
and see my show. they say. yo. like.
he cares and he...he puts in effort
and he really dedicates himself to
giving us an amazing show.
I gotta go in for my people.
in whatever aspect that is. whatever
idea. whatever theme I decide to
do for a show.
I'm...I'm gonna go in.
What can fans expect from the show?
I think first and foremost.
amazing music.
This is the first time I'm playing.
like. the whole album.
So it's heavily focused on music.
So that's where we've really
gone in. on the music.
and bringing out
the soul of the album
and the spirit of the album. and
allowing it to just be projected
through every instrument and every
voice that's on that stage.
Like. I feel like this is the most
complete Stormzy set. like.
that I'm ever gonna perform.
Every facet of myself.
whether it's my vulnerability.
whether it's my energy. whether it's
my...everything to be on display.
Yeah. we're bringing out the whole
catalogue.
And thirdly. expect high knees
cos I think...
HE LAUGHS
..I think that!
I think that's part
and parcel of a Stormz show.
I think that's almost synonymous.
like. with my shows now.
Like. the high energy and just...
..it's just. like. I don't know.
when that music hits.
it's just. I don't know.
it's electric. innit.
and this time round I've got three
albums and some change.
Yeah. we've got riddims. and I've
grown as well. I've grown a lot.
Yeah.
This is Stormzy. live in London.
This Is What We Mean.
CHEERING
# It's probably best we wait
# It's probably best we found
# A fire from this perfect match
# To burn us to the ground
# And even though it's cold outside
# It's probably best we pray
# To lead us from this drought
# If your love is my Holy Water
# Girl. just let me...
AUDIENCE:  ..drown
# I guess you got me figured out
# We got that champagne love.
don't let it fizzle out
# I know I brought a world of pain
you could've did without
# If you was livin' with me
then I'd probably get a bigger house
# And we standin' by the water.
do we drip or drown?
# Running 'round in circles bro.
just let her walk
# Listenin' to lessons.
that's a lesson taught
# Second guesses really got you
havin' second thoughts
# Second thoughts never hurt nobody.
everybody has 'em
# Give you orgasms
# More than you can fathom
# Think I missed the touch even
more than we imagined
# If I saw you right now. girl.
I wonder what would happen?
# Orange G-Wagon you can park
up on the drive
# I was meant to be there
when you're startin' up your life
# You make your people proud.
you're a star in all our eyes
# With your apartments in the skies
# I scarred you with my lies. then
# Karma isn't nice. she said
"I hope he doubles back on you"
# When I double back.
I never double back to rattle you
# Hate to see you leave
but I love to see the back of you
# I take you out to eat then after
that. I make a snack of you
# I never put my hand on you
# Still the biggest fan of you
# Good for me like collard greens
and runner beans and callaloo
# Every single day I close my eyes
and try and channel you
# Drive through memory lane
and then I see you by the avenue but
# It's probably best we wait
# It's probably best we found
# A fire from this perfect match
# To burn us to the ground
# And even though it's cold outside
# Even though it's cold outside.
it's probably best we
# It's probably best we pray
# To lead us from this drought
# If your love is my Holy Water
# Girl. just let me drown
# And even if you don't. it's fine
# And even if you don't. it's fine.
it's probably best we
# Holy Water.
can I bless you with it?
# I ain't spillin' all my truth to
try and stress you with it
# I was workin' on my flaws to try
impress you with it
# And you don't believe the growth
but
# Yeah. I guess you're with it.
right?
# Cos fire
and fire just makes flames
# And water
and water just cause floods
# You said you're tired.
you're tired of these games
# You said you're fine in your
calling. I call bluff
# And you ain't gotta lie
'bout the reasons as to why you left
# Just know the man I am today.
is not the guy you met
# I give you all the space
you need to give your mind a rest
# That's the least you deserve. too
deep for a verse. my weaknesses hurt
# If you ever change your mind
I beg you speak to me first
# I was meant to tell the kids
about the bees and the birds
# I guess I couldn't keep to my
word. word
# Please. stay
# Don't let me go
# I know your heart is breakin'
# Oh. oh
# These days.
the kids on their phones
# Maybe we're all forsaken.
what do I know?
# What do I know? What do I know?
What do I know? What do I know?
What do I know?
# What do I know?
# It's probably best we wait
# It's probably best we found
# A fire from this perfect match
# To burn us to the ground
# And even though it's cold outside
# It's probably best we pray
# To lead us from this drought
# If your love is my Holy Water
# Girl. just let me drown
# And even if you don't. it's fine
# Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
# Oh-oh
# It's probably best we wait
# It's probably best we found
# A fire from this perfect match
# To burn us to the ground
# Burn us to the ground
# I can't put out the fire
# It's probably best we wait.
it's probably best we found
# This fire from this perfect match
to burn us to the ground
# I can't put out the fire
# Burn us to the ground. ground
# My pride won't let me
burn us to the ground
# I can't put out the fire
# I'm gettin' tired. pour me water
# Pour me water. pour me water
# I can't put out the fire
# My pride won't let me
burn us to the ground
# Oh
# Oh. no
# I can't put out the fire
# I'm gettin' tired. pour me water
# Pour me. #
London. let's go!
# Pour me water
# Pour me more of it
# Pour me
Pour me water
# Pour me water
Take no caution
# Take no caution
# Give me...  Everything
# Give me everything
I said...
# Pour me water
# Pour me more of it
# Pour me. pour it
# Take no caution
# Give me everything
# Right now I'm fallin'
# Baby. I'm fallin'.
can't hold my breath
# I said. ooh!
Out in the open
# You're squeezin' me. baby
# There ain't nothin' left. OK
All of my focus
# It's locked on where you are
# Right now I'm fallin'
# Pour me water
Pour me water
# Pour me more of it
# Pour me water
# Take no caution
# No caution
# Give me everything
# Pour me...
# Water
# All of you
Pour me water
# Take no caution. oh
# Yeah. yeah
# Oh-ooh
# Pour me water
# Oh-oh
# Pour me water. #
London!
# Caution
Oh-oh
# Pour me water
For those that don't know.
I go by the name of Stormzy.
CHEERING
Welcome to the This Is What
I Mean show.
# Pour me water
# Pour me. yeah
# Da-da-da-da
# Ooh
# Da-da da-da
# Oh-ooh
# Yeah
# Ooh
# Pour me
# Do-do do-do do
# Do-do
# Do-do do-do do. #
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
CHEERING
# Oh
# It's a bigger operation
Oh. oh
# What's with all the speculation?
# Had to close the store
for renovations  Oh. oh
# My cuz. he said "Stormz'. man.
# They're runnin'
out of patience. you know"  Oh. oh
# Time to make a statement
Oh. oh
# Time to free my mind
of limitations  Oh. oh
# Finessed the majors. that's
my form of reparations  Oh. oh
# They said you can't slide. you're
a treasure to the nation  Oh. oh
# But what they gonna do.
what they gonna say?  Oh. oh
# Stormz' got that sauce.
this that bolognese  Oh. oh
# Talkin' 'bout the bread.
like it correlates  Oh. oh
# I see you lookin' bothered
with your bothered face  Oh. oh
# Even though we're comin'
from a common place  Oh. oh
# All I see is stars.
like we in a Wraith  Oh. oh
# So give him room to grow
and just give him space  Oh. oh
# And he could be a young.
black Jimmy Nates
# Oh. this is clean
# This is clean
Clean
# This is what I mean
# I said. this is what I mean. yo
# All my niggas got it. we unanimous
# Cut from different cloth
and different calibres
# My skeleton is matchin'
with my managers
# She love me. cos I'm handsome
and I'm talented
Boy. boy
# Hangin' off the banisters
# Tell me.
who's gon' pay for all the damages?
# Ah. I'm just reckless.
like the mandem is
# Talkin' recky. we gon'
ask you where your manners is
# I said it from a kid.
you should've listened
# I manifest the shit
and then it happened
# Said that I'ma do it.
then it happens
# P2J up on the rhythm
and it's slappin'
# I shout my brother Giggs.
that's more than rappin'
# I shout my sister Mel.
we doin' fashion
Sheesh
# Ah.
all this work that I've been mashin'
# Put your boy in the position where
I profit off my passion. all right
# They don't know about the times
I've bled
# Give a fuck 'bout what the
timeline said. I do your day streams
# In a second. yeah. I shine like Ed
# I thank God for the life I've led.
then get the Wraith clean
# I heard them
sayin' grime ain't dead
# I'm Harry Styles.
the way I fine-line tread.
# We're goin' mainstream
# Mind your business.
'fore you mind my bread
# If ten million weren't enough.
I make a lifetime pledge.
# All right boy
# This is what I mean
# This is what I...
# Mean...oh
# Uh. I can't address your niggas
on the 'net
# They disrespect
# They don't wanna give me
my respect
# It's disrespect
# A nigga doin' numbers. what the
fuck did you expect?
# They charge a nigga 50 every
time I miss the jet. ah
# I guess I overslept
# If she hold me down.
then I might buy her a Patek
# The mandem hold me back.
because they know just how I get
# Please. don't hold my money. man.
just wire me my check
# It might be cos it's lots on the
beach
# White bitches rollin' in the deep
# Nosedivin' off a yacht.
into the sea
# Blah.
still I keep the blicky on me
# Bitch. I'm off that thing already.
the thing already
# Uh. uh. you know
I'm with a ting already
# She is then centre fold.
a centrepiece
# But she might like that
chopper sing already
Hey. London.
# Bitch. I'm off that thing already
London!
# Uh. uh. you know
I'm with a ting already
# They don't wanna give me
my respect. it's disrespect
# Y'all gon' have to pay out them
banks. fuck a check
# I don't do whose the rapper way
# All that cappin' on the net.
I'll make the mandem blew a cap away
# So we just let them
niggas out the way
# I think I'm Kanye mixed
with Donny Hathaway
# I heard Sunday's the new Saturday
# We praisin'
God. I watch my enemies evaporate
# Hallelujah. to be honest.
I could plan and do you
# But I gotta rise above it.
word to Dan Kaluuya
# No chance.
buffalo stance on my Neneh Cherry
# They wanna see
the Michael that they see on telly
# You man just remind me of my girl.
why you never ready?
# I'm the GOAT. but that ain't
nothin' I ain't said already
# Oh. please.
all my enemies are dead and buried
# I need that Haagen-Dazs. I need
that Ben & Jerry's
# If we do it. then we do it large.
I'm on my Kevin Perry
# This ain't the same man who
said his head was heavy
# This is what I mean
# Saying no-one listen to you
# When I spoke of beggars they
don't...
# I said
This is what I mean
# Can't get your number.
say do this and that
# We have time for the recce
# This is what I
# This is why I do the talkin'
# This a quiet there be no
flirtation
# This is what I mean
# What's he say.
sayin' that no-one listen to you
# I'm tryin' to tell 'em. yo
# This is what I mean
This is what I mean
This is what I
# Girl I mean
# It's what I mean
It's what I mean
# This is what I
This is what I mean
# This is what I mean
# This is what I mean now
# This is what I mean. oh
This is what I mean. oh
# Ooh-ooh. #
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
# Stealin' all their hearts. yeah
Ooh
# She was standin' in her dress
# And she was lookin' like an angel
# Her eyes took away my breath
# And that's when I knew
she was mine until the end. #
Sing along.
# My miracle
# My happy place
# My heart and soul
# Forever yours
# Cos I. I just can't explain
# Even in the way
# You love me with your flame
# My firebabe
# You keep burnin' bright
# Touch me with your flame
# And I'll be with your flame
# My firebabe
# She makes everybody laugh
# Then she starts dancin' on the
table
# She can't stop stealin'
all their hearts
# How she lights up a room.
somethin' to behold
# My miracle
# My happy place
# My heart and soul... #
All together now.
# Forever yours
# Cos I. I just can't explain
# Even in the rain
# Love me with your flame
# My firebabe
# You keep burnin' bright
# Touch me with your
# And love me with your flame
# My firebabe. #
Make some noise for the incredible
Debbie. please.
CHEERING
# Doo-doo-doo. doo-doo-doo-doo
# Doo-doo-doo. doo-doo-doo
# And love me with your flame
# My firebabe. #
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
Sing along.
I want to hear you. Let's go.
# Oh. girl. you're shining
# You know you're my diamond
# You need reminding
# This moment of timing when your
# Soul needs aligning
# It's me you confide in
# Seeking and hiding
# You know where to find me. babe
# Feeling pressure
# Pressure. diamonds
You know where to find me
# What's it gonna be?
What we gonna do?
# Here we go again
This ain't nothin' new
# I ain't tryna run game
but it's true. 'cah you
# Came and you made me feel
# You call me for help
You gotta chill
# Need time for yourself
you gotta heal
# This ain't something you felt
it's how you feel
# You came and you made me feel
# A'ight. we built this all wrong
I'll take blame
# But instead of us tearing it down
rearrange. baby
# Don't let it fall
# Don't let it fall. girl.
don't let it fall
# I
Don't wanna fight no more
# Cool
Keep me where I belong
# Yeah
I've tried and I've tried
# Let's go
# But I just can't hide
from your love
# Oh. girl. you're shining
# You know you're my diamond
# You need reminding
# This moment of timing
when your soul needs aligning
# It's me you confide in
# Seeking and hiding
# You know where to find me. babe
# Feeling
# Pressure
Don't you get that
# Diamonds
You know where to find me. babe
# Feeling
I can feel it
# Pressure
Feel the pressure
# Pressure. diamonds
You're my diamond. oh
# Let me search now
# Take your shoes off.
put your purse down
# How you gonna tell me
that it's never gonna work now?
# Type of shit to make me
put a verse down
# Worse now 'cah we made our bed and
gotta lay in it
# Thought it wasn't hard for me but
every day it is
# Heartbreak's such a dark place
but we stay in it
# What I'm saying is exactly
what I say it is
# I found you. I feel your presence
when I'm not around you
# Queen in your city.
they need to crown you
# Holy water. baby. let me drown you
# Fire and water I gotta 'low you
# Burn out then reappear
# Light still guiding you home.
you know I'm there
# And rest assured if you ever
needed help
# Or just need a place to hide know
I'll keep it to myself. word
# Oh. girl. you're shining
# You know you're my diamond
# You need reminding
# It's moment of timing
when your soul needs aligning
# It's me you confide in
# Seeking and hiding
# You know where to find me. babe
# Feeling pressure
# Pressure. diamonds
# You know where to find me. babe
# Feeling. pressure
# Pressure. diamonds
# Oh. girl. you're shining
Pressure
# You know you're my diamond
# You need reminding
Diamonds
# It's moment of timing when your
Feeling
# Soul needs aligning
Pressure
# It's me you confide in
# Seeking and hiding
# You know where to find me. babe. #
CHEERING
London. how we feeling tonight?
You good. yeah? You OK?
Everyone at the back - we good?
London. we good tonight. yeah?
I love you guys at the back too.
I'm sorry that I can't be closer. I
love you.
This is a special show. man.
This is a very. very special show.
This is the first time
since the album that I'm getting to
perform the full album -
This Is What I Mean.
This album for me reflects a very
specific time in my life.
A very.
very specific time in my life
where the word that always comes up
when I reflect back on this
time in my life is stillness.
I was very still.
I was still. I was at peace.
I was very reflective.
I was able to lay out
all my thoughts
and map out all my feelings.
And look myself in the mirror
and say. "OK. this is how you feel."
And that required a lot
of stillness. That required a lot of
reclusion. solitude -
whatever you want to call it.
But it was a beautiful thing.
It was a beautiful thing
to look at myself in the mirror and
say.
"OK. that is you - that's how you
truly feel."
I pray that. in this moment. even if
it's just for the next three
minutes.
that you experience just a little
bit of the stillness
and a little bit of the peace that
I felt when I made this album.
And I pray that some of you take
this stillness away
and you take it
for the rest of your lives.
Some of you may just feel it in this
moment. and that's OK. but...
..my prayer for everyone is that
they have a moment of stillness.
man. So that you can hear yourself
think.
so that you can hear yourself
breathe.
So that you can get just a little
bit of peace. you know?
This one's called
Give it to the Water.
CHEERING
# Pressure. tension
# I'm pushing but it's gettin'
harder
# I'm so close. this long road
# Lord knows I see it gettin'
darker
# There's no give. there's
bruises. I'm losin'
# Know this is a
disaster
# When I feel low. I breathe slow
# And let it go then give it to the
water
# Give it to the water
# Hey. hey. hey. hey
# This water keeps me floatin'
when I'm straight
# The water's gonna tell me it's
OK
# It's flowin' and it's showin'
me the way
# Let it fill up the place
# The water's gonna wash away
the pain
# I hear it when it's callin'
out my name
# It's runnin' and it's floodin'
through my veins
# Let it fill up the place
# Ooh... #
VOCALISING
# Just focus.
the process will show us
# How to move forward
# You look round. it's too loud
# The big crowd
but that isn't important
# There's no give.
there's bruises
# I'm losin'.
know this is a disaster
# I feel low
# I breathe slow then I let go
then give it to the water
# Give it to the water
Give it to the water. no
# No. no. no. no
# This water keeps me floatin'
when I'm straight
# The water's gonna tell me it's
OK
# It's flowin' and it's showin'
me the way
# Let it fill up the place
# The water's gonna wash away
the pain
# I hear it when it's callin'
out my name
# It's runnin' and it's floodin'
through my veins
# Let it fill up the place... #
CHEERING
# Hmm-hmm-hmm-hmm
# Hmm-hmm-hmm
# I hold on to the water
# It saves me from the horrors that
come
# No wonder I am stronger
# Oh. whoa. oh. ho
# It's feedin' my hunger
# It's keepin' me under
# The water runneth over
# Oh. whoa. oh. ho
# This water keeps me floatin'
when I'm straight
# The water's gonna
tell me it's OK
# It's flowin' and it's showin' me
the way
# Let it fill up the place
# The water's
gonna wash away the pain
# I hear it when it's callin' out my
name
# It's runnin' and it's floodin'
through my veins
# Let it fill up the place. #
CHEERING
# Oh-whoa. oh-oh. oh-oh-oh
# Oh. oh. oh. please
# Please
# Oh. please. oh. please
# Whoa. whoa. whoa. oh. please
# Please.
could you lower your tone?
# Please. could you get off my
phone?
# And please leave Meghan alone
# I said. please. leave Meghan alone
# It cuts deep when you deep that
your house was never your home
# You wanna speak but it's best
that you don't
# Under pressure we fold
# Best believe
we're protectin' you from
# Oh. please. please
# I had to let it be known.
we eventually grow
# I'm a sensitive soul. please.
could you pause the applause?
# Please could let me be flawed?
Oh. please
# And please. leave your pain
at the door
# There's too much in
this house and I can't bear any more
# Please. spare me a thought
Please. Lord
# Give me the strength to forgive
my dad for he is
# Flawed and so am I so who am
I to not
# To not forgive a man who tries
I see his soul
# I know it cries
# But with this pain I'd rather
# With this pain I'd rather paint
and try to turn this broken
# Picture into something that it
ain't
# This pain I'll rather hold
because it's made me who I am
# It's probably time I let it go
# I free myself from myself
I free youth from regret
# I grant you peace before you rest
# And that's the least that you
should get
I think we've both suffered enough
Please
# Whoa. whoa. whoa.
oh. please
# Please
Oh. please. please
# Whoa. whoa. whoa. oh. please
# Please
# Yeah. please
Please
# Oh. please
# Oh. please. #
CHEERING
Hey. London!
I need your energy tonight!
Let me see it! Let's go!
Let's go! One. two. one. two. three!
# You're getting way
too big for your boots
# You're never too big for the boot
# I've got the big size
12s on my feet
# Your face ain't big for my boot
# Skeng chat
Kick up the yout
# Man know that I kick up the yout
# Dem boy dere tried
twist up the truth
# How dare you twist
up the truth. look
# You're getting way
too big for your boots
# You're never too big for the boot
# I've got the big size
12s on my feet
# Your face ain't big for my boot
# Skeng chat
Kick up the yout
# Man know that I kick up the yout
# Dem boy dere tried
twist up the truth
# How dare you twist up the truth
# Wanna come round
here like a bad boy. do it
# Bun all the talking.
go on. then. do it
# Running through the party.
bottle of Bacardi
# Bro's in my ear saying
"Stormz. don't do it"
# Devil on my shoulder
I don't lack
# Hit 'em with a crowbar
I don't scrap
# Even when I'm sober
I'm so gassed
# Say you ride but there's no
car and no mash. let's go!
# Stand down
# Never had a MAC-10
or a trey pound
# You were never bad then
You ain't bad now
# Never had the MAC-10
Little nigga. back down
# I saw bare kicks.
saw bare clothes
# Said fuck that. I can't wear those
# I don't like them.
they're not my ting
# They went silent.
they're all weirdos
# Like. yeah. Stormz gone clear
# Never had a Tom Ford or a Moncler
# Mandem are calm.
but you see my don there?
# Tell 'em don't do it. don't dare
# Don't care who you
know from my block
# You're not Al Capone.
you'll get boxed
# They can take my car and my creps
# I'll still do
the road in my socks
# Who's gonna stop me?
You? Him?
# Weed in a cigarette
Blue slims
# Don't be an idiot
Move smart
# I've been killing it
New king
# Niggas ain't ready for my new
stuff
# You're by yourself.
go and group up
# And when Krept went
States for the BETs
# I was covering
Krept like a bootcut
# It's mad. family ting.
straight family ting
# Dem man are broke. no salary ting
# Had a peng ting called Amy
# Telling me to come
round hers on a Valerie ting
# #MerkyAcademy ting
# Coming like art in a gallery ting
# Let's go! Let's go! Two. three!
# You're getting way
too big for your boots
# You're never too big for the boot
# I've got the big size
twelves on my feet
# Your face ain't big for my boot
# Kick up the yout
# Man know that I kick up the yout
# Dem boy dere tried
twist up the truth
# How dare you twist
up the truth... #
Hey. London!
# I'm too hot
# Drug money in my shoe box
# I'm the man of the house
and my shows sold out
# Like the brudda
from the Boondocks
# Beats 1 in my boom box
# Still steal meat
from the stew pot
# Mandem go sick when my tune drops
# Little man. that's
a Hublot. not a Hublot
# What?
# Pronounce it right. you prick
# I go mad. yeah. I'm
down to die for this
# I don't care. bro.
I'm down to pipe your chick
# Mad stressed so I'm bound
to light my spliffs
# Wait. I'm bound to ride for Flipz
# Real Gs gonna ride around to this
# Got no time to write a diss
# I never left my nine to five
for this wasteman ting
# I don't care what rave man's in
# I came here to relax
but if it gets mad
# Mek a young boy take man's tings
# Try tell me I'm way
too big to rebel?
# Never too big to rebel
# I was in the O2
singing my lungs out
# Rudeboy
Never too big for...
# Leave my yard. blow
a kiss to my girl
# Salute to my sister as well
# Gotta keep trophies
down at my mum's bit
# Man. I'm getting way
too big for my shelf
# See bare MCs wanna sideline
# But I still got a couple
bangers in the pipeline
# Man. I've got grown
men @ing me bullshit
# You're getting way too
old for the timeline
# You're getting way
too old for a diss
# Should've looked after your kids
# Get out the booth.
go home to your son
# It's never too late to commit
# It's like man love
put my name in a bar
# Random flight. get
a plane to Qatar
# Hey. London. one. two
Let's go!
# One. two. three!
# You're getting way
too big for your boots
# You're never too big for the boot
# I've got the big size
twelves on my feet
# Let's go
Your face ain't big for my boot
# Kick up the yout
# Man know that I kick up the yout
# Dem boy dere tried
twist up the truth
# How dare you twist up the truth
One more time. let's go. let's go
# You're getting way
too big for your boots
# You're never too big for the boot
# I've got the big size
twelves on my feet
# Your face ain't big for my boot
# Kick up the yout
# Man know that I kick up the yout
# Dem boy dere tried
twist up the truth
# How dare you
twist up the truth... #
Oi. London!
CHEERING
# Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey. hey. hey
# Hey. hey. #
CHEERING
Hey. London. I want to hear you
tonight.
CHEERING
We're not playing games tonight!
Hey! Hey! Let's go!
One. two. one. two. three. go!
# Peng tings on my WhatsApp
and my iPhone too
# Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah
# The brown-skinned girls
and the white ones too
# Woo. woo!
# Girls love me and I love them too
# I was on the roads
when Dizzee made I Luv U
# Talk about me.
you better hashtag Merky
# #Merky
# Can't chat about speed.
look. my cab man's certi
# Shout out to my big bro Wiley.
that's a badman from early
# I'm a boss man like Birdie
I'm a badman like Shirley
# If grime's dead
then how am I here?
# Big man like me with a beard.
look. how am I scared?
# How can I?
Let's go
# God's wrath is the
only power man fear
# Couple skengman.
then showerman here
# Shower man down in my
shower man gear
# Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah
# Talk about me you
better hashtag problem
# #Problem
# Adidas creps. don't
ask where I got them
# Don't ask what they are.
don't ask if I...
# I go hard for my team. I go...
Let's go
# Where'd you get your Roley from?
Where'd you get your Roley from?
# Yeah. yeah.
# I do not know this don.
where do you know me from? #
Hey. London!
# Out here like the
Roll Deep song... #
Hey. London!
# I do not know this don.
where do you know me from?
# Where do you know me from?
W-where do you know me from?
# Go. go
# Where do you know me from?
Where do you know me from?
Let's go
# Where do you know me from?
W-where do you know me from?
# I got bit by a snake.
but I'm over that
# Can't chat about gyal.
I get loadsa that
# Man know I'm a beast onstage
# Don't make man go
back to Culture Clash
# Man are over-gassed
# Dark-skin boy. man are over-black
# Talk real greazy.
I'm known for that
# Talk about Ps
when you owe me that?
# Man are not real like that
# Real talk. man'll
get killed like that
# Man'll talk wrecked or man'll get
caught in the flesh
# Look. man I don't bill like that
# We all know you're a good child
Yeah. yeah
# So pull up your jeans
# Get off the street
and go do your mum proud
# Go get a job and don't come
out your house. mug
# Look. I don't rate them boys
# Bare wasteman. bare pagan boys
# Come to your team and I
Fuck shit up
# I'm David Moyes
# Lord of the mic. yeah
# Ain't been Lord of the Mics. yeah
# Hey. London
Let's go
# One time. let's go
# Where'd you get your Roley from?
W-Where'd you get your Roley from? #
More energy.
# I do not know this don
Where do you know me from?
# Out here like the Roll Deep song
# Let's go. let's go
# I do not know this don
Where do you know me from?
# Where do you know me from?
W-where do you know me from?
# Go. go!
# Where do you know me from?
W-where do you know me from?
# Go. go!
# Where do you know me from?
W-where do you know me from?
# Go. go!
# Where do you know me from? #
Hey. London! One more time!
# Where do you know me from?
I said. where do you know me from?
# Go. go!
# Where do you know me from?
Where do you know me from?
# Louder. louder!
# Where do you know me from?
Where do you know me from?
# Go. go!
# Where do you know me from?
Where do you know me from? #
CHEERING
# Coldest nigga alive. I'm so cold
# You niggas get on my
nerves. you're so old... #
All right. Tiiny.
what we telling them?
OK. voices. London!
Let's go. let's go!
# I baited my whip in
the vid like a prick
# Now I'm carless
Cold
# Now it's a Uber ting. I've
still got this regardless
# Cold
# Who? What? Them man there?
# Nah. them man are harmless
Cold
# Let's go! One. two. three. go!
# Went to the park
with my friends and I charted
# I have never been a victim.
never been a target
# Cold
# The girls love this shit. yeah.
they love it like BarFest
# Cold
# #Merky the label and I'm
coming like darkers
# Cold
# I was on the roads when Giggs made
Talkin' Da Hardest
# Look. rudeboy. done him on sight
# One time. check two.
bun him on sight
# Niggas ain't brave
See it on your face
# Tell you 'bout the days
I was running on a hype like
# Who are you? Where you been?
Where your snow line?
# Where your stacks? Where your
strap? Where your crow line?
# Big pump. don't stunt
when it's showtime
# Kinda funny how I
didn't need a co-sign
# Shut your mout.
you ain't squeezing
# Pussy boy. I just leave him
# I've been cold the whole season
# I should call my next one Freezing
Cold
# Touch the mic.
then just wheel 'em
# Man have got too much feelings
# Late night. I'm at Neasden
# Filet-o-Fish and I'm breezing
# Ain't dropped nothin'
for a minute. I'm fine
# Cold
# Roll to the booth.
then I bill it with rhymes
# Cold
# Know a couple OGs that
are living off crime
# Cold
# But a young black boy made
a milli' off grime
# Wow
# So tell Boris Johnson.
"Suck your mum. we don't care"
# We don't care. bruv
# Tell them riot feds.
"Oi. buss your gun?
# "You won't dare"
You won't dare bruv
# All my young black kings rise up.
man. this is our year
# And my young black
queens right there
# It's been a long
time coming. I swear
# If you don't turn
this up. it's no fun
# You ain't heard of us?
You're so dumb
# Can't be scared of pussyole youts
# You can have your burner
tucked. I won't run
# You can have all
the hype. I won't dust
# You can send all you
like. you won't buss
# Man can't bluff me
out. I call bluffs
# Them boys get fucked
about and call us
# Crikey
# "Oh. my God. it's big Mikey"
# Cut the whip. it's so pricey
# I should call my next one Icy
Cold
# It's so pricey
# Pass me out. I asked nicely
# Do the road and do wifey
# I wonder why they
don't like me... #
Hey. London! Voices!
# Cold
# Coldest nigga alive. I'm so cold
# I'm cold
# Everything's cold
# Let's go. all right
# #Merky 2023
# I've been cold the whole season
# I should call my next one Freezing
# I should call my
next one Freezing
# I've been cold the whole season
# I should call my
next one Freezing
# I've been cold the whole season
# I should call my next one.
next one. next one. next one... #
CHEERING
You know what I mean!
Let's continue tonight. man.
rain or not!
Let's go! Let's go!
Hey! Hey! Bounce! Bounce!
Bounce! Bounce! Bounce!
Bounce! Bounce!
Left side! Bounce!
Right side! Let's go!
Bounce! Bounce! Bounce!
# First things first. I'm a real G
# How's a tweet on Twitter gonna
kill me?
# If I ain't the Goat then I will be
# They know this so they
seven-figure deal me
# Oh. do you feel me?
# Facts. what I'm still on
# Still got racks.
I'm a real don
# We used to bang your shit
# Now you're album. it's just
something that we built on
# I look around and there ain't no
love now
# Scream. "Fuck them all".
I'm on crud now
# Wanna call me bro like
we're blood now
# Want to cap only it's all mud now
# Like. I still start on a brother
while you're there with your bros
# Big boys sat and make you
tear for your clothes
# Fear in your eyes. scared of the
flows
# Man of the year.
five years in a row. I
# Still don't do police
# Cah they act like they care when
they do the least and
# Every time I drop a new release
# Gyallie pull up to my door like
it's Uber Eats
# I flex. I let fool boy do the
deets on tour and I do the streets
# All calm till you're caught on the
rope with your stupid tweets
# Let's go! One. two. three. bounce!
# Young. black. fly and handsome
# Burn down the rave
like I'm Rachael Anson
# Let's go!
# Young. black. fly and handsome
# Burn down the rave
like I'm Rachael Anson
# Young. black. fly and handsome
# Burn down the rave
like I'm Rachael Anson
# Young. black. fly and handsome
# Burn down the rave
like I'm Rachael Anson
# It's like I'm young. black.
fly and handsome
# Burn down the rave like I'm
Rachael Anson
# Peng tings wanna hold me at ransom
# I go booth and make an anthem
# I just drop the heat and do tour
# From Amsterdam to New York
# You won't bust a gun. you a dork
# Go suck ya mum through a straw
# Aight. calm down.
don't get defensive
# Oh. this flow is so expensive
# I can't let you niggas rate this
# They shall try and reinvent this
# They shall try and they will fail
# All my Gs. they buy and sell
# Rudeboy. I should be in jail
# For all these rhythms that
I pushed on my clientele
# All right. look. I'm young. black.
fly and cool
# Think that's how
I got by in school
# Man get booked. start buying
jewels
# Man get shook. start buying tools
# Ah. man. you bunch of lying fools
# Rudeboy. diss me if you dare
# Then she whispered in my ear
# Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah
# Young. black. fly and handsome
# Burn down the rave
like I'm Rachael Anson
# Let's go!
# Young. black. fly and handsome
# Burn down the rave
like I'm Rachael Anson
# It's like I'm young. black.
fly and handsome
# Burn down the rave
like I'm Rachael Anson
# Let's go
Young. black. fly and handsome
# Burn down the rave
like I'm Rachael Anson
# Young. black.
fly and handsome... #
London!
Let's go! Let's go!
Hey! Hey! Hey!
Hey. London!
One. two. one. two. three. four!
# Jordan 4s or Jordan 1s
# Rolexes. got more than one
# My AP cost 31
# Millimetres. 41
# Stick him up with a stick-stick
He drew the shorter one
# You can't short me one
In the club with the shortest one
# Lighty. the shortest one.
on my mind.
# Jorja one
Crocodile bag. I bought her one
# Vegan ting. I slaughter one
# Freaks. I got more than one
# Fuck. daddy and daughter one
# Tory puttin' in Labour.
this that Jeremy Corbyn one
# Let's go! Woop-woop!
# Overrated one
# Most hated one
# Slid 'round after his birthday.
gave him a happy belated one
# Burned that bridge. cremated one.
boom-boom. bailiff one
# Got away with murder.
this that Viola Davis one
# They stop and stare. my watch is
rare. clear. stainless one
# Debate this one. hatin' niggas
gonna hate this one
# Let's go. live life on the high
Might fly to Dubai with the guys
# Cos the weather's shit
# I can wear a different kettle
every day of the month
# Rollies. got 21
# I've been lit since 21
# Girl. I need that gently one.
that Savage and Fenty one. hmm
# Dave's got the new Aston Martin
plug. could you send me one?
# He said. "No need to be rentin'
one"
# Big flex. he's inventin' one.
cold. cold
# My bros don't chat. we just
wear all black on a blend-in one
# Talkin' war. don't know 'bout war
till you end in one
# The machine got sweets on a
vending one
# Yeah. yeah. needed a hit. could
have. OK. could have penned him one
# Aight. she wanna go to the cinema.
so we just walk downstairs
# The mortgage cleared.
we've overtaken all our peers
# After all these years.
disrespect is all I hear
# I'm Pep. I ball with flair
# Off the set. they storm like.
off the set. they storm like Piers
# That's what I call mornin' tears
# Them man are talkin' bare.
but it's cool cos
# I got my ting so I'm more than
good
# Any time that I walk my hood
# I got the Jordan 4s and 6s
# All I need now is Jordyn Woods
# Don't get caught for puss
# Don't die for nyash
# We slide and crash. 16.
don't write and clash
# 16. don't battle-rap
# She got the wap and a WAP.
what are you thinkin'?
# Mans on simpin'. I'll buy her
a car like a pair of...
# One. two. go. go. go. go!
# Rolexes. got more than one
# My AP cost 31
# Millimetres. 41
# Stick him up with a stick-stick
He drew the shorter one
# You can't short me one
In the club with the shortest one
# Lighty. the shortest one.
on my mind.
# Jorja one
Crocodile bag. I bought her one
# Vegan ting. I slaughter one
# Freaks. I got more than one
# Fuck. daddy and daughter one
# Tory puttin' in Labour.
this that Jeremy Corbyn one. #
Yeah. yeah. London!
CHEERING
SONG STARTS. CHEERING
CROWD SING ALONG
# Da-da-da-da... #
Oi. London. I wanna
fuckin' hear you!
Here we go! Let's go!
# Man try say he's better than me
# Tell man
Shut up
# Mention my name in your tweets
# Oi. rudeboy
Shut up
# Better than me?
# Shut up
# Best in the scene?
# Tell my man
Go. go!
# Couple man called
me a backup dancer
# Onstage at the Brits. I'm a
Backup dancer
# If that makes me a
# The man in your vids
Backup dancer
# The man in your pics
# Man wanna chat about
Backup dancer
# Big man like me with a beard
# I'm a big man. how the fuck can I
# Army comes everywhere I go
# I can't run when my enemies show
# Walk in the club
with all of my tugs
# Party's done. everybody go home
# Apart from the girl
dem. you lot. stay
# Walk in the club.
all the girls say hey
# Tell a man like I'm K to the A
# There's no champagne
We don't rave
# Yeah. I'm the best. I'm so cocky
# I've got a mob like
A$AP Rocky
# I set trends. dem man copy
# They catch feelings
I catch bodies
# They roll deep
I roll squaddy
# Got about 25 goons in my posse
# They drink Bailey's
I drink Vossi
# I get merky
They get worried
# If you got a G-A-T
Bring it out
# Most of the real bad boys
Live in south
# If you wanna do me something
I'm about
# I'm not a gangster
I'm just about
# See my man over
there with the pouch?
# Dare one of you man try get loud
# All of my mandem move so foul
# I might sing but I ain't sold out
# Nowadays all of my shows sold out
# Headline tour. yeah. blud
Sold out
# When we roll in
They roll out
# I'm so London
I'm so south
# Food in the ends like
there ain't no drought
# Flipz don't talk
like he's got no mouth
# I wanna make my mum so proud
# Like. "Yo. Mum. book a flight"
"Go now"
# All of my ex-girls stalking me
Hard
# Talk to my face. don't talk to my
palm
# Had four bills and
I bought a new car
# Little red whip that
I bought for my marge
# I straight murk.
it's a walk in the park
# I take care when
I water my plants
# These MCs wanna talk
about Lord of the Mics
# You ain't even lord of your yard
# Dead MCs. blud. leave me alone
# Me and your girl.
we speak on the phone
# Kill a whole crew
of MCs on my own
of MCs for the throne
# Look. I was out
hungry. so damn hungry
# Man tried eat then
leave me the bones
# Now these niggas. they
# Hot chocolate and a
Panini to go
# I'm a big man.
fuck a postcode war
# Man were upset
about the Mobo Awards
# Yeah. I was gassed
at the Mobo Awards. why?
# Cos I ain't won a Mobo before
Duh
# All of you MCs sound so bitter
# Shut down London.
shut down Twitter
# Shout-out Deepee.
shout-out Flipper
# Best my age. oi
# If you don't rate me
Shame on you
# Can I order a deathbed for an MC?
# He wants beef with me?
Make that two
# Anyone else wanna make that move?
# Anyone else wanna pay their dues?
# Impostors wanna take my tunes
# Stiff Chocolate. yeah.
my face so smooth
# Don't even talk too much
You're a talker
# Dem man still go halves
On a quarter
# Saw me turn from
a prince to a pauper
# Two cigarettes
And a bottle of water
# Told the bouncers get
the bottles in order
# Man in the kitchen
putting in orders
# Stiff Chocolate.
skin clear like... #
Hey. London!  Sing along. let's go.
# Da-da-da. da-da-da-da-da
Da-da-da-da-da
# Da-da-da
Da-da-da-da-da. da-da-da-da-da-da
Da-da-da-da-da. da-da-da-da-da
# Da-da-da. da-da-da-da-da.
da-da-da-da-da... #
One more time. all together.
MUSIC FADES
# Da-da-da. da-da-da-da-da
# Da-da-da-da-da
# Da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da
# Da-da-da-da
Da-da-da-da-da
# Da-da-da
Da-da-da-da-da. da-da-da-da-da-da. #
London. I love you for
the rest of my life.
CHEERING
London. make some fucking noise!
I said...
Someone asked me backstage. "What's
your intention for this show?"
and I said. "I just want every
person in this crowd right now
"to just remember this for the next
ten. 20. 30. 40 years."
We'll all have a memory of us
all here together.
singing and dancing in the rain and
having a fucking good time.
London!
CHEERING
Without further ado...
Merky-ky-ky-ky-ky-ky-ky-ky-ky...
Hey. London!
I want to hear everybody sing along.
We're going to sing it together.
Let's go. let's go!
# My bruddas don't dab. we just...
Vossi bop
# I tell your girl to link me
at the...  Coffee shop
# Getting...  Freaky in the
sheets. we're takin' body shots
# Then I finish with a facial
Just to top it off. ayy
# My bruddas don't dab. we just
Vossi bop  (Yeah)
# I tell your girl to link me
at the coffee shop  (Let's go!)
# Getting freaky in the
sheets. we're takin' body shots
# Boom. boom. boom!
# You ain't got
a clue. let's be honest
# I had a couple seeds
and made a forest  (Yeah)
# I put in the work
and take the profit  (Yeah)
# Lookin' at my girl
like. "What a goddess"  (Thank God)
# Rule number two. don't make
the promise
# If you can't keep the deal. then
just be honest  (Just be honest)
# I could
never die. I'm Chuck Norris
# Fuck the government
and fuck Boris!  Boom! #
One more time.
Hey. London!
Let's go! Let's go!
Let's go! One. two. three. Let's go!
# My bruddas don't dab. we just
Vossi bop
# I tell your girl to link me
at the coffee shop
# Getting freaky in the
sheets. we're takin' body shots
# Then I finish with a facial
just to top it off. ayy
# My bruddas don't dab. we just
Vossi bop
# I tell your girl to...
Let's go! One!
# Getting freaky in the...  Two!
# Then I finish with a...
Three. let's go!
# You ain't got
a clue. let's be honest
# I had a couple seeds
and made a forest
# I put in the work
and take the profit
# Lookin' at my girl like.
"What a goddess" (Thank God)
# Rule number two. don't
make the promise  (Yeah)
# If you can't keep
the deal. then just be honest
# I could never die. I'm
Chuck Norris  (One more time!)
# Fuck the government
and fuck Boris!
# I'm a villain. killin'
when I'm barrin'
# Brothers in the hood. just like
the movie that I star in
# Servicin' my whip. I phoned
the boss to bring my car in
# I could probably take your chick
# I just wouldn't cos she's
jarrin'. oh. I got the sauce
# Don't know what you thought
# Catch me up in snowin' in my
sliders and my shorts  (Shorts)
# Chicks tryna get my brother
Flipz to share his thoughts
# I think he's tryna tell me I
should tell her he don't talk
# I don't fuck with her. I used to
hit it. but you're...  (With her)
# I wouldn't even
try my luck with her
# Gyal say I'm bougie  (Word)
Way too exclusive
# Chillin' in Dubai. know I
get it all-inclusive  (Word)
# Now may I ask if you can
find it in your spirit  (Yeah)
# Leave us all alone and go and
mind your fuckin' business  (Yeah)
# Lookin' in the
mirror. "Mikey. you're the illest"
# When I'm James Bond. tryna...
Go. go. go!
# My bruddas don't dab. we just
Vossi bop  (Ayy)
# I tell your girl to link me
at the coffee shop  (Ayy)
# Getting freaky in the
sheets. we're takin' body shots
# Then I finish with a facial
just to top it off. ayy!
# My bruddas don't dab. we just
Vossi bop  (Ayy)
# I tell your girl to link me
at the coffee shop  (Ayy)
# Getting freaky in the
sheets. we're takin' body shots
# Then I finish with...
What we saying? What we saying?
# My bruddas don't dab. we just
Vossi bop
# So much Vossi. I might
open up a Vossi shop
# Mummy sayin' that I
need to get some sleep
# All this flyin' overseas
is always fuckin' up my body clock
# And all this stress has got me
wreckin' up my brain  (Ayy. ayy)
# Tell these likkle fishes back up
off my name  (Ayy. ayy)
# I ain't gotta be a rapper
with a chain. The rules are
# Kinda different when you're
baddin' up the game  (Straight)
# Baddin' up the game. bad it up
again  (Yeah)
# Had 'em up before. have 'em up
# Fake bruddas. man. your mandem
all pretend  (Yeah)
# Pussy by himself. he's badder
with his friends. aww
# You man are so insecure. man. it's
a joke  (Man. it's a joke)
# I need a Ballon d'Or. cos
I'm the GOAT  (Still the GOAT)
# If you believe in your sauce. then
raise a toast  (Raise a toast)
# These are some genius thoughts
so make the most. told her
# "Save me some." I need all the
homage. could you pay me some?
# Man a droppin' bangers on your
baby mums. Gyal say I'm rude
# They wanna see me nude  (Word)
# My name's Stiff Chocolate. I got
nothing left to prove
# I got holes in my lapel. rubbin'
shoulders with your...
# Which little pussy said that
I would go to jail?
# Well. I guess you have to hold a L
# Tell 'em. "This is London City. we
the hottest in the world"
# Let's go! My bruddas don't
dab. we just Vossi bop  (Ayy)
# I tell your girl to link me
at the coffee shop  (Ayy)
# Getting freaky in the
sheets. we're takin' body shots
# Then I finish with a facial
just to top it off. ayy
# My bruddas don't dab. we just
Vossi bop  (Ayy)
# I tell your girl to link me
at the coffee shop  (Ayy)
# Getting freaky in the
sheets. we're takin' body shots
# Then I finish with a facial
just to top it off. ayy! #
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
London. what the fuck is
going on. man?
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
London. London. London. London.
This is one of the greatest
nights of my entire life.
I ain't going to forget this. ever.
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
CROWD CHANT:  Stormzy! Stormzy!
Stormzy! Stormzy!
London. London. Can I
get my trainers back?
Has anyone got my trainers there?
Can I get my trainers. please?
Sorry. guys. I had to take them off.
The rain was fuckin' up
my dance. man! Shit. man!
Love you. guys. Thank you.
CHEERING
Now. London...
..anyone who knows me.
any time I come on this stage.
I'm gonna give God all the glory
every single time.
CHEERING
Father God. I love you.
Yahweh. Jehovah. I love you.
Glory be to God.
Glory be to God. Glory be to God.
Come on. man.
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
# I'm blinded by your grace
# I'm blinded by your
grace. by your grace
# I'm blinded by your grace
# I'm blinded by your
# Lord. I've been broken
# Although I'm not worthy
# You fixed me
# I'm blinded by your grace
# You came and saved me
# Lord. I've been broken
# Although I'm not worthy
# You fixed me
# Now I'm blinded
# By your grace
# You came and saved me
# One time for the Lord
# And one time for the cause
# And one round of applause
# One time for Fraser T Smith
on the chords
# I feel we got one
# I stay prayed up. then I get
the job done
# Yeah. I'm Abigail's
yout. but I'm God's son
# And I'm up now. look at what
God's done
# Now I real talk. look at
what God did
# On the main stage. runnin'
'round topless
# I phone Flipz. then I tell him
that he got this
# This is God's plan. they can
never stop this. Like...
# Wait right there. could you
stop my verse?
# You saved this kid
and I'm not your first
# It's not by blood
and it's not by birth
# But oh. my God. what a God
I serve! Woo!
# Lord. I've been broken
# Although I'm not worthy
# You fixed me. now I'm blinded
# By your grace
# You came and saved me
# Lord. I've been broken
# Although I'm not worthy
# You fixed me. now I'm blinded
# By your grace
# You came and saved me
# I said a prayer this morning
# I prayed I would find a way
# To another day
# I was so afraid
# Till you came and saved
# Came and saved me
# And the rain was pouring
# Cos the sun faded away
# I'm in a better place
# No longer afraid
# Blinded by your grace
# You came and saved me
# I said a prayer this morning
Oh. no!
# I prayed I would find a way
# Find a way
To another day
# Another day
# I was so afraid
So afraid
# Till you came and saved
You came and saved me
# And the rain was pouring
# Cos the sun faded away.  Now I'm
in a better place. no longer afraid
# Oh!  Blinded by your grace
# You came and saved me.  Yes. Lord!
# Oh!
# Thank you. Lord! Woah-oh!
# I'm blinded
# I'm blinded by your...
# Oh. Lord!
# Thank you for blessing me. Lord
# Oh. yeah-eah!
# Oh...  Blinded by your grace
# You came and saved me
# You came and saved...  Me...
# Oh. yeah-eah!
# Thank you. Lord! #
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
London...
..I love you guys so much.
Words will never be able to describe
the love I have in my heart
for you guys.
Thank you so much
for changing my life.
Thank you so much for supporting me.
Thank you so much for loving me.
Thank you so much for
considering me.
just being in my life.
I love you. I love you. I love you.
I don't say that lightly.
I love you. Thank you so much. man.
Can I do one more song before we go?
CHEERING
London. until next time.
get home safe.
God bless you. Let's go. man.
# Heaven in my tracks
# My kettle's all gold. my
presidents are Black  (Bah)
# See. Jackie on the front line
and Richard's in the back
# Remember when they told us
just to rap? Hmm
# Over the years. we've been
ill-advised
# They told us "Just one at a
time." that's the biggest lie
# A wise man
once asked. "Who ate all the pies?"
# And now he's lookin' at me
funny like I took his slice
# Oh. what a life. I can't war with
no broken man
# They start a war. it never goes
to plan. hmm. a'ight. cool
# Jigga told me. "Crabs in a
bucket." I said. I overstand
# So you. my brother. you can
hold my hand
# You wouldn't know about the convos
that we had to change the rules
# Didn't know that I would give
my arm and leg to help you move
# Didn't know we're tryna implement
our history through the schools
# You can keep the gems. I give you
jewels. a'ight
# We are the needle-movers. we are
the table-shakers
# They gotta move around us
cos nothin' moves without us
# It can't be you who found us
# We don't need you to crown us
# I had a crown before my song
# This is the mountain that I'm on
# We set up shop. but never
closed the shutter
# I give you all the keys. don't
matter if we know each other
# My brother Enoch told me
# "Bro. you wasn't known to stutter"
# So I got rid of it. I'm smoother
than some cocoa butter
# Fluent. you can...
It's the community provider
# The multiple diss track survivor
# Glory be to God. Jehovah-jireh
# How can I retire?
# The devil is a liar
# And shout my nigga Dave. cos
we made it through the fire
# Should've left me out the politics
# All I know is feta cheese
and dollar chips
# Niggas went from sellin' weed
to scholarships
# They're billin' me
to holler flicks
# And now they holler flicks
to get at me
# I could be a Beatle if you let
it be. I needed you to set me free
# Mm. mm. mm. mm. mm
# I just needed you to let me dream
# The pressure that I'm under
does no favours for my self-esteem
# I wonder what they tell Rahim
# Black girl fly. Black boy
fly. we all fly
# If you try to rob them for
their dreams. of course I'm...
# Gonna put a target on
your back. I'm Hawk-eye
# Beg you. leave them yutes
alone. this is my war cry
# Careful when you fuck
around and take the piss
# That could be
my little bro or baby sis
# Have to make
a statement. just in case it is
# We're products of
the place we lived
# Yeah. we're bustin' all your
favourite myths
# Nowadays. I pull up on
my Zadie Smith
# A master with a pen. skin tone
darker than your skeng
# Ah. you'd have to pull 'em up
and start again
# Tell Michael Gove that we
got somethin' for your nose
# And we got champagne bottles
for them boys at Number Ten
# Oh. we gon' party
through the bullshit
# If you take a stand. then
we endorse it
# If you make a point. I'll
reinforce it. That's what we do
# If we ain't beside you. then
we're cheerin'
# This is #MERKY. this is
God engineerin'. I swear
# Woo! Woo!
# This for my niggas
who ain't make it to the prem'
# Hope they see the bigger picture
# When they frame it
through their lens
# I pray my brothers
make it in the end
# To be fair. I never had no olders
# This for my Kofis and my Adeolas
# You get the trophies
when you plan and focus
# You're now tuned
into my magnum opus
# They wanna chat me
whilst they sat on sofas
# But I'm Serena for you Sharapovas
# Win again and win again. like
Wimbledon. I serve
# I promise you. I'm colder than
the single that you've heard
# The second one was stressful. but
it's simple for my third
# Holy spirit. guide me to
the things that you prefer
# I'm still the nicest with it
# Go put some commas on the check
and try and 'tice us with it
# Put some rockets on our back
and put some fire in it
# That's a blessin' from
our King. you can't acquire spirit
# Hit 'em with the choir
spirit. got 'em singin'
# Mm. mm. mm. mm. mm
# Give me light. give me love
Cos we've been through the fire
# Got the strength of a lion
# Oh. yeah...  Mm. mm. mm. mm. mm
# Whoa. oh...
# Mm. mm. mm. mm. mm
# Oh. yes. we will. Lord
Yes. we will
# I'm a young Jazzie B. I'm on
my Soul II Soul
# They're askin' if I sold my soul
# Tell 'em. it's the power of
the Holy Ghost
# Tell 'em that he guides me
on this lonely road
# Ooh. ooh
# Oh. whoa-oh. whoa
# Whoa-oh
# Mm. mm. mm. mm. mm... #
London...
..my name's been Stormzy.
This is what I mean.
and this is what I've always meant.
I love you. I love you.
I love you. I love you. I love you.
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE CONTINUES
Subtitles by Red Bee Media